So they did not deliver on time.
Because of which my clients used to call me again and again.
I was not able to answer them.
We are a furniture manufacturing business.
We manufacture tables, crockeries, all these.  It has been
2-3 years since I have been booking trucks through WheelsI.
Around 250 to 300 trucks have been booked
with Wheels Eye.  The
challenge I was facing with the local transporters was that
they did not deliver on time.
Because of which my clients used to
call me again and again.  I was not able to answer them.
90% of my clients
required on-time delivery, which my local
transporters were unable to provide.
With Will,
all my material deliveries have been on-
time, meaning my party is happy
and so am I.